the Secretary General made his case for
an immediate humanitarian ceasefire in
Gaza noting it's not just bombs
threatening civilians but also a lack of
food water and Medicine the risk of
collapse of the humanitarian system is
fundamentally linked with a complete
lack of Safety and Security for our
staff in Gaza and with the nature and
intensity of military operations which
are severely limiting assess to people
in desperate need the United Arab
Emirates put forward a draft resolution
co-sponsored by 100 countries it is
brief it is simple it is crucial in
addition to calling for the ceasefire it
demanded the release of all hostages 13
out of 15 council members voted in favor
but the United States vetoed it as long
as AOS clings to its ideology of
Destruction any ceasefire is at best
temporary and is certainly not peace in
any ceasefire that leaves Lo in control
of Gaza would deny Palestinian civilians
the chance to build something better for
themselves the United Kingdom abstained
citing similar concerns Russia and China
blasted the United
States our colleagues from the USA have
literally before our eyes issued a death
sentence to thousands if not tens of
thousands more civilians in Palestine
and Israel While others including us
allies lamented the implications for
international law as well as
civilians unfortunately once again this
Council has failed with a lack of unity
and by refusing to commit to
negotiations the crisis in Gaza is
getting worse and the council is not
completing its mandate under the
charter the Palestinian Ambassador said
the future of the Palestinian people is
at stake if you are against the
destruction and displacement of the
Palestinian people you must stand
against this
war and if you support it then you are
enabling this destruction and
displacement regardless of your
intentions the Palestinian Ambassador
vowed to take the issue to the general
assembly while the United States and
other players in the region said they
would continue to use quiet diplomacy to
get more Aid into Gaza Kristen salumi Al
jazer the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer